README.md, before:

Multibrowse: Multi-Monitor Kiosk Mode
=====================================

Simple python script to open several full-screen browser windows onto multiple monitor setups.

Browser is currently set to Google Chrome, but can be adapted to use any browser.

Supported platforms: Windows/Linux/MacOS

Requirements
------------

 * Python 3

### Linux

 * xdotool
  * Install with Apt: `sudo apt-get install xdotool`
  * Install with Pacman: `sudo pacman -S xdotool`

### MacOS

 * PyObjC
  * Install with pip: `pip3 install -U pyobjc`

Usage
-----

Open `http://ivo.la` on monitor 1 and `http://bbc.com` on monitor 2

```
python multibrowse.py http://ivo.la http://bbc.com
```

Open `http://ivo.la` on monitor 1 and `http://bbc.com` on monitor 3

```
python multibrowse.py http://ivo.la - http://bbc.com
```

Deployment
----------

Multibrowse includes a setup.py file to build a fully self-contained .exe for Windows machines. To build, install py2exe:

```
pip install py2exe
```

And run the building process:

```
python setup.py py2exe
```

This should generate a `dist` folder containing `multibrowse.exe`. This executable has no dependencies and can be used as-is.

License
-------

MIT

Commit message:

Added new building instructions using pyinstaller instead of py2exe, added link to releases

README.md, after:

Multibrowse: Multi-Monitor Kiosk Mode
=====================================

Simple python script to open several full-screen browser windows onto multiple monitor setups.

Browser is currently set to Google Chrome, but can be adapted to use any browser.

Supported platforms: Windows/Linux/MacOS

Usage
-----

Open `http://ivo.la` on monitor 1 and `http://bbc.com` on monitor 2

```
multibrowse http://ivo.la http://bbc.com
```

Open `http://ivo.la` on monitor 1 and `http://bbc.com` on monitor 3

```
multibrowse http://ivo.la - http://bbc.com
```

Installation
------------

Binaries can be found on the [releases page](https://github.com/foxxyz/multibrowse/releases). To build yourself, see below.

Development Requirements
------------------------

 * Python 3

### Linux

 * xdotool
  * Install with Apt: `sudo apt-get install xdotool`
  * Install with Pacman: `sudo pacman -S xdotool`

### MacOS

 * PyObjC
  * Install with pip: `pip install pyobjc`


Building
--------

Multibrowse can be built into a single contained .exe file using [pyinstaller](http://www.pyinstaller.org/). Pyinstaller can be installed using `pip install pyinstaller`. The old way using `py2exe` is no longer recommended due to Python 3 compatibility issues.

The following command should produce a single self-contained exe file in `/dist`:

```
pyinstaller --onefile multibrowse.py
```

License
-------

MIT
